Update README and name of a dashboard folder (#4)
netgroup-polito/edge-infrastructure-ansible: README.md

# Creating Kubernetes cluster using K3s with Ansible

## Requirements

> The control node need **Ansible** to start the playbooks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control node needs **Ansible** to start the playbooks. 
```

> It is reccomended to disable swap and firewall on the managed node. If firewall is enable the  ```prereq``` role is responsible to set the right environment as explained in [K3s requirements](https://docs.k3s.io/installation/requirements).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is reccomended to disable swap and firewall on the managed node. If the firewall is enabled, the  ```prereq``` role is responsible to set the right environment as explained in [K3s requirements](https://docs.k3s.io/installation/requirements).
```

## Usage 

> To start the playbooks the **inventory** file need to be modified to be consistent with your cluster setup. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the playbooks, you need to modify the **inventory** file in order to be consistent with your cluster setup. 
```

Start the creation of Kubernetes cluster using the following command:
```bash
ansible-playbook --ask-become-pass playbook/k3s_installation.yaml -i inventory
```

## Kubernetes Dashboard
An optional playbook is provided to deploy and access Kubernetes Dashboard within the K3s cluster. To use it run the following command:
```bash
ansible-playbook --ask-become-pass playbook/dashboard_deploy.yaml -i inventory   ⁠
```

To access the Dashboard a **token** is needed. The ```dashboard``` role handles the creation of a long-lived Bearer Token.
To retrieve the token run the following command:
```bash
sudo kubectl get secret admin-user -n kubernetes-dashboard -o jsonpath={".data.token"} | base64 -d
```

> The Dashboard can be reached through a **NodePort service**. The ```dashboard``` role handles the conifguration of a NodePort service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dashboard can be reached through a **NodePort service**. The ```dashboard``` role handles the configuration of a NodePort service.
```
